The module firmware tool is cluttered and is hard to fallow To clean things up and add some more functionality.

There are two methods to update firmware
1. Verify the firmware before uploading it
2. Just upload the firmware with no verification

Maybe before doing this I should fix the firmware issue?? But i need to add the ability to write just the firmware?

```
A. Utility has wrong SAF
A.1 Use utility to write SAF
A.1.A Communication Fails with -444 during gI2CBus.GetPUC()
A.1.A.A This often occurs if mmpServer is trying to rediscover the module
A.1.A.A.1 Attempt to Upload with mmpServer not running
A.1.A.A.1.A SAF is still not modified on regular upload
A.1.A.A.1.B Close inspection showed I was attempting to upload to slot 0 FAIL!!
A.1.A.A.2 Try again with slot set to 4
A.1.A.A.2.A Success!!! now to debug
A.2.B Upload still fails to change SAF. Could we have a corrupted device again?
A.2.B.1 Read firmware of Bad Module, A good module, Another different good module
A.2.B.1.A OMRIS vs IDCS - Bootloader is the same
A.2.B.1.B OMRIS SAF is corrupted yet i2cdump appears fine???
A.2.B.1.C ODCSRCHCS is corrupted too
A.2.B.1.D Bootloader appears fine in all firmware;
A.2.B.2 Change SAF on Bad Module, A good module, Another different good module
A.2.B.2.A ODCSRCHCS module was switched to CSERI module.. although i told it ODCSRCHCS
A.2.B.2.B IDCS 24 module was switched to CSERI module.. although i told it IDCS 24
A.2.B.2.1 Check that the utility is using correct module firmware
A.2.B.2.1.A I Had debug on in the firmware witch defaults to CSERI dahhhhhh
A.2.B.2.1.B Firmware did faile to upload the first time
A.2.B.2.1.1 Upload firmware with debug feature turned off
A.2.B.2.1.A Success!!! firmware had correct type

B. Relays click with latest firmware
B.1 Turn off weak pull ups
B.1.A Realys do not click
B.1.B When pull ups are enabled relays click. Issues is pull ups...
B.1.C Why did I use WPU?
B.1.C.A To read LED state of FTDI chips...
B.1.C.B Because of this undesired behavior it might be better to turn WPU later
B.2 Enable WPU only on serial modules
B.2.A OMRIS modules work fine now
B.2.B Enabling weak pull ups does not work LED's stay on
B.2.1 Set WPU twice to see if your only able to set them once i code
B.2.1.A It worked suggetsing that WPU are not being set when serial module is detected
B.2.1.1 Move WPU code around and identify any post assignment requirements (Look at datasheet?)
B.2.1.1.A Nothing went wrong, I must have uploaded the incorrect FW when I saw an issue
B.2.1.1.A.A Sometimes when I formget to compile the MPLAB code and it does not get copied



```
